[processor/transform] Introduce `convert_summary_quantile_val_to_gauge()` function (#37245)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/transformprocessor/README.md

In addition to the common OTTL functions, the processor defines its own functions to help with transformations specific to this processor:

**Metrics only functions**

- [convert_sum_to_gauge](#convert_sum_to_gauge)
- [convert_gauge_to_sum](#convert_gauge_to_sum)
- [convert_summary_count_val_to_sum](#convert_summary_count_val_to_sum)

> - [convert_summary_sum_val_to_sum](#convert_summary_sum_val_to_sum)
> - [convert_summary_quantile_val_to_gauge](#convert_summary_quantile_val_to_gauge)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [convert_summary_quantile_val_to_gauge](#convert_summary_quantile_val_to_gauge)
- [convert_summary_sum_val_to_sum](#convert_summary_sum_val_to_sum)
```
These should be reversed to keep everything in alphabetical order.

- `convert_summary_sum_val_to_sum("cumulative", false)`

### convert_summary_quantile_val_to_gauge

`convert_summary_quantile_val_to_gauge(Optional[attributeKey])`

The `convert_summary_quantile_val_to_gauge` function creates a new Gauge metric and injects each of the Summary's quantiles into a single Gauge datapoint.

> `attributeKey` is an optional string representing the key of the Gauge datapoint attribute, which value represents the quantile value. The default value is `quantile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`attributeKey` is an optional string that specifies the attribute key holding the quantile value for each corresponding output data point. The default key is `quantile`.
```
This is difficult to word, but I think this reads a bit better.

> The name for the new metric will be `<summary metric name>`. The fields that are copied are: `timestamp`, `starttimestamp`, `attributes`, `unit` and `description`. The new metric that is created will be passed to all functions in the metrics statements list.  Function conditions will apply.

Reviewer: I'm a bit concerned that after running this function, users will have two differently-typed metrics with the same name. This won't be too much of an issue since users can still select on them using the name and metric type, but it's likely they will either want to rename one of the metrics or delete the old metric.

Should we:
1. Document this and tell users they need to resolve the conflicting names themselves.
2. Add a parameter that resolves this automatically.

Author: added the optional suffix
